1. The deepFM model was under the environment that could be imported by the **my-deepFM-cpu-env-2.yml** file. Please refer to the **Environment** folder.
2. The database used for the model development was included in the **Data_01032022_Shuffled.csv** file. In the **Data_01032022_Shuffled.csv** file, the column1 includes ln(IDAC) value. The column2 includes tempearture in K. The column3 includes molecular weight for solvent. The column4 includes molecular weight for solute. The column5 to column9 include solute Abraham solvation parameters (i.e. E, S, A, B, L). The column10 includes solvent id. The column11 includes solue id. The column12 to column97 include solvent descriptors that were listed in Table S2 of the published SI file in the **Citation** section of the **README.md** file. The column98 to column137 include solvent descriptors that were listed in Table S3 of the published SI file in the **Citation** section of the **README.md** file.
3. The model development/training could be conducted by running the **IDAC_DeepFM_Training.ipynb** file or the **IDAC_DeepFM_Training.py** file. In the files, there are notes to indicate the purpose of each block of codes. The parameter setting included in the current files is the optimal parameter setting for developing the deepFM model. The parameter including DNN structure, embedding dimension, learning rate, batch size, dropout rate, and L2 regularizers could be changed and modified upon needs.
By running the **IDAC_DeepFM_Training.ipynb** file or the **IDAC_DeepFM_Training.py** file (under the optimal parameter setting), 45 models(9-fold cross-validation × 5 repetitions) will be generated and saved. The model file is in h5 format and the training history file is in npy format. It needs to be mentioned that there will be a slightly difference in results from each running beacuase of the stochastic nature of model training.
The best model that was discussed in the publication in the **Citation** section of the **README.md** file was included in the **Developed model** folder.
